Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-affordable-care-act
<br>
Scenario You work with the executive team for a mid-sized company that has been growing well in the last 10 years. At present, the company employs about 150 people and about 20% of them are part time, working less than 30 hours generally. But depending on the season or active projects, the number of part-timers grows another 10 to 15% and many of them also work additional hours. Though these employees have been integral to the company’s growth, because they are part time, they are not extended the health insurance benefit offered to full time employees. The company president has recently asked the executive team for recommendations on how to address part-timers and the Affordable Care Act mandates that become effective soon. She is very conscious of how important the part-time staff is to the company, but she is also conscious of the ever increasing cost of the health care benefit to the company’s bottom line. As part of the executive team, your task is to research the implications of the Affordable Care Act from several perspectives as it applies to a company of your size and offer recommendations for your boss to consider, regarding the part time staff. Recall, as our book points out, persuasion most often recognizes that there are multiple sides to complex problems. Therefore, your response must offer both pros and cons for consideration, followed by your recommendation and why you think it is the better solution. Assignment Write a formal business memo to your boss explaining your position on the issue and include a recommendation. You should research the topic of the Affordable Care Act and provide evidence and reasons to support your final recommendation based on this research. Do not rely on a single research source on which to base your recommendation timesnew roman, font 12, APA single spaced, word count 500